Add NetworkTopology plugin score doc (#4213)
volcano-sh/volcano: docs/design/Network Topology Aware Scheduling.md

- AddJobGroupReadyFn: check whether hyperJob minAvailable is met.(phase 2)  

- AddHyperNodeOrderFn: score for hyperNodes.(take effect in hard limit, closest tiers have higher score)

> 1. If it is the first scheduling of a job, all HyperNodes that need to be scored will be given a score of 0 and returned. The HyperNode that is successfully scheduled in the end will be recorded as the `JobAllocatedHyperNode` attribute of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If a Job is being scheduled for the very first time, all HyperNodes that need to be scored will get a score of 0 and then return right away. The name of the HyperNode where the Job eventually gets scheduled successfully will be recorded in the Job's annotations under the key JobAllocatedHyperNode
```

Reviewer: Please also change to "**plugin:** network-topology-aware" in line 568.

Author: Ok, Done

2. If it is not the first scheduling of a job, calculate the LCAHyperNode (Lowest Common Ancestor HyperNode) between all HyperNodes that need to be scored and the `JobAllocatedHyperNode` of the job. The lower the tier of the calculated LCAHyperNode, the higher the score. If there is only one highest score, return the scoring result.
3. If there is more than one HyperNode with the highest score in the scoring result of step 2, calculate the distribution of the tasks that have been successfully scheduled for the job among these HyperNodes. The greater the distribution quantity, the higher the score.
4. The HyperNode that is successfully scheduled in the end in steps 2 and 3 will also be recorded as the `JobAllocatedHyperNode` attribute of the job.

> - AddNodeOrderFn: score for nodes.(take effect in soft limit,take effect in )

Reviewer: take effect in?

> 1. To score all nodes, you need to first obtain the HyperNode to which the node belongs and the `JobAllocatedHyperNode` of the job to which the task belongs.

Reviewer: you need -> we need

Author: Ok, done
